FLIGHT DECK, USS GEORGE WASHINGTON
Rain pounded down on the flight deck.
As Schofield's team landed one after the other, they unclipped their huge nylon chute before this felt to the ground. The wind was so strong that it blew the chutes away, leaving the ten Marines standing in the pouring rain on the flight deck holding their MP 7 machine guns pointed outwards.
One after the other, they ripped they face masks, and scanned the deck carefully.
Schofield took off his facemasks, too, and put on his signature silver sunglasses, masking his eyes. He took a good look at the deck around them. It looked like a giant runaway, built on a warship.
The entire deck was deserted, except for the other teams that had just landed on it. A few planes and one chunky helicopter sat parked on the runways.
There star shaped splatters of blood everywhere, but there were no bodies. Not one.
' Mother' Schofield said to his number two, 'what do you think?'
Gena Newman was her real name, gunnary sergent was her rank, but 'Mother' was her nickname and it didn't have anything to do with being a warm, cosy mother figure. Infact, it was short for a slighty longer word starting with ' Mother...'
At six feet two, 200 pounds, and with a fully shaven head, Mother cut a mean figure. Tough, no nonsense and fiercely loyal, she had been with Schofield on many missions, including the bad ones. She was reckoned to be the best shot in the Corps. Once she had been offered her pick of missions outside Schofield's command. She'd looked the commandant of the Marine's corps in the eye and said, ' I'm staying with the Scarecrow, Sir.'
'What do I think?' Mother replied.'I think this is seriously fucked up. I was planning on spending this weekend watching David Hasselhoff's DVDs. No one takes me away from the Hoff.'
She gazed at the blood splatters on a nearby plane. 'No, this was way suspect from the start. I mean, why are we here with the other troops? I'd rather just work with Swordmen.'
Swordsman was her word for a Marine: a reference to the swords they wore with their full dress uniforms.
'Marines' Schofield called the command tower let's move.
Since they'd been assigned the aft end of the ship. Schofield's Marines had the task of investigating the carrier's six storey high control tower.
They moved quickly through the rain and crossed the wide flight deck. When they arrived at the base of the tower they found the main door covered in blood with about a million bullet holes in it. The door's hinges were blasted to hell.
Looking up, Schofield saw that every single antenna and piece of radar equipment on top of the control tower had been broken and destroyed. The main antenna mast was broken in the middle and lay tilted over, probably hit by a shoulder launched rocket.
'What in god's name happened here?' one of Schofield's Marines asked softly. He was a big, broad guy with a thick neck. His name was Corporal Harold 'Hulk' Hogan.
'More than a Tsunami, that's for sure.' Sergeant Paulo 'Pancho' Sanchez said. Sanchez was older and more senior than Hulk, a sly, sarcastic type. 'Tsunamis don't shot you in the head.
The voice of the SEAL leader came through their headsets. 'All units this in Gator, Starboard elevator one has been disabled. We're taking the stairs, heading for the main hangar below the deck.
This is Condor, the Airborne called in, 'I got evidence of a fire fight by the missile launcher up at the bow. Hell of a lot of blood, but not a single body'
'Delta Six here. We're on the island proper. No sign of anything yet.'
Schofield didn't send out any report. 
'Sir,' Sanchez said to him,'you gonna call in?'
'No'
Sanchez threw a quick look toward the Marine next to him, a tall guy named Bigfoot. Sanchez was one of the men who'd been unsure of about Schofield's mental state and his ability to lead this mission.
'Not even to tell the others where we are?'Sanchez said.
'No.'
'But what about what...'
'Sergeant,' Schofield said sharply,'did you ask your last commander to explain everything to you?'
'No, sir'
'So don't start doing it now. Focus on the mission on hand, please.'
Sanchez bit his lip and nodded. 'Yes, sir.'
'Now, if no one else has anything to say, let's see what's going on in this tower. Move'
They jumped over the twisted steel door and charged into the darkness of the aircraft carrier's central tower.   
THE TOWER, USS GEORGE WASHINGTON
They moved quickly up a series of tight ladders that formed the spine of the control tower. There was blood on the rungs. But still no bodies.
They came to the middle floor of the tower the look out level. It consisted of three huge windows, giving them a view of the flight deck below. There must been a fierce fighting, in here as the glass had either been cracked or completely smashed by gunfire. Blood smirred the glass and thousands of rounds of ammunition lay on the floor.
There were also a few guns lying about. This were mainly M 17s, but there was also a few M 4 Colt Commandos there too. The M 4 was a short barrelled gun used by special forces teams worldwide.
Mother led a few of the marines up the last flight of stairs to the flight control room. She returned a few minutes later.
'Same deal' she reported. 'Bucketloads of blood, no bodies. All the windows smashed and lot of spent ammo left on the floor. A hell of a firefight took place here, Scarecrow.'l
As Schofield was about to reply, something caught his eyes. It was one of the rifles on the floor, one of the M 4.
He picked it up and took a good look at it.
From a distance it looked like a regular M 4 but it wasn't. It seemed to have been changed slightly. 
The gun's trigger guard was different: it had been made longer as if to fit an index finger that was also longer. 
'What the hell is that?' Hulk said.'Some kind of super gun.'
'Scarecrow' Mother said, coming over, ' most of these blood splatters are a result of buller impacts. But some aren't...well...thicker. More like arterial flow. As if some of the dead had entire limbs cut off.'
Schofield's earpiece squawked.
'All units, this is Gator. We've just arrived at the main hanger deck and holy shit, people, have we got something to show you. We aren't the first force to have got here. And the guys didn't do well at all. I have a visual on a atleast two hundred pairs of hands all stacked up in a neat pile down here.'
Sanchez whispered, 'did he just say...?'l
Gator knew they wouldn't believe it.'Yes, you had me right. Hands. Human hands. Cut off and stuck in a great big heap. What in God's name have we walked into here?'
While the rest of their team listened in horror as Gator's gruesome report. Schofield and mother went up the flight control room. It had been pretty much wrecked, but not totally.
'Mother, do a power grid check, all grids, all levels, even externals. I'm gonna look for Air Tasking Orders.'
Air Tasking Orders were the orders the ship received daily from Pacific Command at Pearl Harbor.
Mother sat down at a console which somehow had stayed undamaged. Meanwhile, Schofield went to the captain's desk and attached some plastic explosives to the captain's safe.
A muffled boom later and he had the George Washington last fourteen orders from Pacific Coommand.
It was mainly routine stuff as the George Washington made her way back from the Indian Ocean to Hawaii, dropping in at Singapore and the Philipines on the way.
Until ten days ago...when the George Washington was ordered to divert to the Japanese Island of Okinawa and pick up three companies of Us Marines there, a force about 700 men.
She was to ferry the marines, not special forces, just regular troops across the Northern Pacific, and drop them off at a place that was not mentioned, but which Schofield knew was Hell Island.
After unloading the marines, the ship was told to.
DARPA was the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency. The people who worked there were genius level scientists who made high tech weapons for the US military. After inventing the Internet and steatth technology, the rumour was that DARPA had recentlt been at work on super strong, ultra light body armour. There was also talk of a weapon called a Supernove, the most powerful nuke ever devised.
It was getting clearer the George Washington had been sent off to drop off a large force of Marines and also pick up some scientists who had been at work here.
This made it look even more like an exercise Marines been unloaded on a secret island where DARPA scientists had been at work.
'Scarecrow,' Mother said from her console,' I see power is been taken from the George Washington nuclear reactor. It is been drained away by something on the island. And all other systems on the boat have been shut down: lights, air conditioning, everything. And another thing,' Mother said.'I'm picking up a weird radio signal being sent inside the George Washington.'
'Why is it weird?'Schofield said.
'Because it's not a voice signal. It sounds like a digital signal, a bit like my old dial up modem.'
Schofield thought about it all: a power drain going off the ship. Digital radio signals inside the ship. A secret DARPA presense. And a gruesome stack of severed hands down in the hangar deck.
This didn't make sense at all.
'Mother,' he said,'you got an AXS on you?' An AXS was a portable unit that picked up radio transmissions, but which most often was used as a bug detector.
'Sure have'
'Jamming capabilities'l
'Multi channel and single channel,' she said.'Good,' Shofield said.'Tune in to the those beeps. Stay on them. And just be ready to jam them.'
Gator's voice continued to come over his earpiece. The SEAL leader was the describing the scene in the hangar bay.
'...looks like the entire hangar has been laid for exercises of some sort. It's like an indoor battlefield. I've got artificial trenches, some low terrain, even an observation tower set up inside the hangar. Moving toward       
