AIRSPACE OVER THE PACIFIC OCEAN 1400 HOURS, 1 AUGUST 2004
THE AIRCRAFT SHOT ACROSS the sky at near supersonic speed.
It was a cargo plane, used to transport US special forces units. 
According to current maps it was flying over empty ocean. But suddenly the ramp at the rear of the plane rumbled open. Dozen of men jumped off into the sky behind the plane.
The group of forty paratroopers fell to earth. They wore high altitude jumpsuits full face breathing masks and black bodysuits. They angled their bodies down as they fell, pointing into the wind like human spears.
It was a classic high altitude, low opening (HALO) drop. You jumped from 37000 feet, and fell fast and hard. Then you opened your parachute dangerously close to the ground, right at your drop zone.
The strange thing about this paratroopers was that they clearly falling in four separate groups. That's because they were actually separate teams.
Crack teams. The best of the best from every corner of the US armed forces.
One unit from the 82nd Airborne Division, brilliant attack troops.
One team of elite Navy SEALs, the best assassins of the world.
One Delta team, always so secretive.
And last of all, one team of force reconnaissance Marines, the very best Marines in the Corps.
They fell like bullets into a thick band of clouds.
After nearly a minute they came through the cloud into the middle of a massive ocean storm. The rain pounded their facemasks. In the ocean beneath the dark clouds, giant waves rolled and crashed.
Through the rain, their target came into view. It was a tiny island that didn't appear any maps any more, an island with an aircraft parked alongside it.
It was hell. 
Leading the Marines team was Captain Shane M.Schofield, nicknamed "Scarecrow".
Behind his mask, Schofield had a rugged face,  black hair and blue eyes. Slicing down across those two ugly scars, one for each eye. The scars were wounds from a mission that had gone wrong. They were also the reasons for his nickname. Once on the ground he'd hide those eyes behind a pair of silver reflecting sunglasses the kind that wrapped around.
Schofield was a quiet and thoughful man who had a special reputation in the Marines Corps because of the special missions he had been involved in. The Marine Corps ( like any other group of human beings ) is filled with gossip and rumour. Someone always knew someone who had been there, or who had seen the medical report, or who had cleaned up the mess afterwards. They were many about Schofield and some of them were simply too outrageous to be true.
One: he had been involved in a huge multiforce battle in Antarctica. It had been bloody and brutal struggle with two America's allies, France and Britain.
Two: he'd saved the American president's life when they had been attempted military coup. It was said that during the fighting the Scarecrow ( a former pilot ) had actually flown a space shuttle, destroyed it, and then came back and rescued the president from certain death.
Of course, nobody could say it this was true. Even so it didn't stop Schofield's new unit talking about it.
One thing about Shane Schofield was known to be true: this was his first mission after four months on stress leave. On this occasion someone had really seen the medical report, and now all his men on this mission knew about it.
They also knew the cause of his stress.
During his last mission, Schofield's ability to cope had been tasted to the limit. Loved ones close to him had been captured and kiiled. It was even said that at one point on that mission he had tried to kill himself.
All of which meant that the other members of his team were slightly less than confident in their leader.
Was he up for this mission? Was he a bomb waiting to explode? Was a basket case who lose it at the first sign of trouble? They were about to find out.
As he shot downward through the sky, Schofield thought about their mission briefing earlier that day.
Their target was Hell Island.
Actually, the target was the ageing aircraft carrier parked at Hell Island, the USS George Washington.
The George Washington had been heading home on its last official journey. It was going to be decommissioned. Because of this, it only had a skeleton crew aboard and was accompanied by only two escort boats.
But soon after the George Washington had arrived at the isolated island to pick some special cargo, a fierce tsunami had struck from the north.
All contact with the ship, its two escorts and the Island's communication centre had been lost.
However, a North Korean nuclear submarrine had been spotted in the area a day earlier, coming out of the Berring Sea. Its position was unknown, but its presence was suspiciious.
What were the North Koreans doing in the area? What did they want with the George Washington?
Schofield and other teams were being sent in to find out what was going on and report back. Schofield was very troubled by something other than the mission: why were other special forces units on this mission? Why were the marines here with the 82nd, the SEALS and Delta?
Normally you never mixed and matched special forces units. They all had different approaches to mission situations and could easily trip over each other. It just wasn't done. 
To Schofield, this smelled a lot like a mission.
Except for one thing.
They were all carrying live ammo.
The Pacific Ocean stretched below them in every direction. Somewhere in the middle of it all was the small dot of land known as Hell Island.
The George Washington lay at the western end of Hell Island. On the Island itself, not far from the carrier., were some big gun positios facing south and east. At the north eastern tip of the Island was a hill that looked like a small volcano.
A voice came through Schofield's earpiece. ' All team leaders, this is Delta Six. We're going for the eastern end of the island we'll work our way back to the boat. Your target is the flight deck: Airborne, the bow; SEALS, mid section; Marines, aft.'
Just like were told in the briefing Schofield thought.
This was typical of Delta. They were great soldiers but, boy, were they born show offs. No matter who they were working with, they always acted like they were in charge. That was true today, even though they were working with three of the best special forces units in the world.
' Roger that, Delta leader.' came the SEALS leader's voice.
' Copy, Delta Six.' came the Airborne response. Schofield didn't reply.
The Delta leader said, ' Marine Six? Scarecrow? You copy?'
Schofield sighed. ' I was at the mission briefing, too, Delta Six. And, last I noticed. I don't have any short term memory problems, I know the mission plan.'
' Cut the attitude, Scarecrow, ' the Delta leader said. His name was Hugh Gordon, so naturally his call sign was 'Flash'. ' We're all on the same team.'
' What? Your team?' Schofield said. 'How about this: how about you don't break radio silence until you've got something important to say? Scarecrow, out.'
Schofield wasn't that just being difficult when he told the Delta leader to keep quiet. It was more important than that. Even a coded radio signal could be caught these days so, if you transmitted, you had to assume someone was listening.
And they probably were. France, Syria, Iran and North Korea, countries not known for their friendship towards America, had built new radio decoders. This were designed to pin point the location of the particular type of American Military radio. And guess what? Schofield and the other teams were using these particular radios on this mission.
Schofield switched to his team's private channel. 'Marines, switch off your radios. Listening mode only. Go to short wave UHF channel if you want to talk to me.'
A few of his Marines thought about it before obeying, but obey they did. They flicked their radios.
The four groups of parachutists fell towards the deck of the George Washington. A thousand feet above it, they pulled on their ripcords and their chutes opened. Now their falls slowed and they floated toward the carrier. While the other teams touched down lightly on the flight deck of the giant ship, the Delta team landed on the eastern side of the island. It was a perfect landing with all of them arriving in their assigned positions, guns up.
They had just arrived on Hell.

