PROLUGUE
THE LAST MAN STANDING
TERRIFIED, WOUNDED AND OUT of ammo, Lieutenant Rick 'Razor' Haynes staggered down the aircraft carrier's tight passage. Blood poured from a gunshot wound to his left thigh. His face was badly scratched.
He panted, gasping for breadth. He was the last one left, the last member of an entire Marine force still alive.
He could hear the enemy behind him. Grunting, growling, stalking him, hunting him down.
The enemy knew they had him; knew he was out of ammunition, out of contact with base  and out of comrades in arms.
The passageway was hardly wide enough for his shoulders. Situated one level below the flight deck, it gave access to the senior officers' quarters on the aircraft carrier. It had grey steel walls studded with rivets the kind you find on a warship. 
In agony, Haynes arrived at a thick steel door leading from the passage and tumbled through it, landing in a room. He reached up and pulled the heavy steel door shut behind him and locked it.
A second later, the great steel door shuddered violently, pounded from the other side.
His face covered in sweat. Haynes breathed heavily, glad of the brief rest.
He was still shocked from seeing what the enemy force had done to his teammates.
No soldier deserved to die in such a gruesome manner. It was beyond ruthless what they'd done to his men.
Yet the way they had overcome his force of 800 United States Marine had been brilliant.
At one point during his escape at the upper deck of the ship, Haynes had figured he would his own life before they caught him. Now, without any bullets, he couldn't even do that. 
A grunt disturbed him.
It seemed to come from the darkness on the far side of the room.
Haynes looked up just as a shape came rushing out from the darkness. It was dark, hairy and man sized. And it was screaming like a Chimpanzee.
It slammed into Haynes, ramming back against the door. His head hit the steel door hard. The blow stunned him but didn't knock him out. 
As he stumped to the floor he saw the creature pull out a shiny, long bladed knife. Haynes wished it had knock him out, because he wouldn't have to know what it did to him next...
The death scream of Razor Haynes rang out from the aircraft carrier. 
It would not be heard by a single friendly soul.
For this carrier was 1000 miles from any where. It was docked at an island that lay 700 miles from its nearest neighbour.
It had once been known as Grant Island, but strangely it no longer appeared on any maps. It had been used in the Second World War by the Japanese as an airfield.
In 1943, after extremely bloody fighting. It had been captured by the American Marines from the Japanese. Because the fighting had been so fierce the Marines had given it a nickname.
They'd called it Hell Island. 
